Microsoft Entra ID name update (#560)
Azure/avdaccelerator: workload/docs/deploy-baseline.md

  - **Prefix** – A prefix of maximum 4 characters that will be appended to the names of Resource Groups and Azure resources within the Resource Groups.
  - **Environment** – Deployment Environment type (Development/Test/Production), will be used for naming and tagging purposes.
- **Identity provider** blade

>   - **Identity Service Provider** - Identity service provider (AD DS, Entra DS, EntraID) that already exists and will be used for Azure Virtual Desktop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Identity Service Provider** - Identity service provider (AD DS, Entra DS, Microsoft Entra ID) that already exists and will be used for Azure Virtual Desktop.
```

    - Microsoft Entra ID.
    - Active Directory (AD DS).
    - Microsoft Entra Domain Services.
  - **Azure Virtual Desktop access assignment** - These identities will be granted access to Azure Virtual Desktop application groups (role "Desktop Virtualization User").

>     - Groups - select from the drop down the groups to be granted access to Azure Virtual Desktop published items and to create sessions on VMs and single sign-on (SSO) when using EntraID as identity provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Groups - select from the drop down the groups to be granted access to Azure Virtual Desktop published items and to create sessions on VMs and single sign-on (SSO) when using Microsoft Entra ID as the identity provider.
```

>     - Note: when using EntraID as identity service provider, an additional role (virtual machine user login) will be granted to compute resource group during deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Note: when using Microsoft Entra ID as the identity service provider, an additional role (virtual machine user login) will be granted to compute resource group during deployment.
```

  - **When selecting AD DS or Microsoft Entra DS:**
    - Domain join credentials The Username and password with rights to join computers to the domain.

>   - **When selecting EntraID:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **When selecting Microsoft Entra ID:**
```
